UNIT FILE                          STATE   PRESET  
accounts-daemon.service            enabled enabled 
auditd.service                     enabled disabled
console-setup.service              enabled enabled 
cron.service                       enabled enabled 
getty@.service                     enabled enabled 
grub-install-devices.service       enabled disabled
haveged.service                    enabled enabled 
keyboard-setup.service             enabled enabled 
lightdm.service                    enabled disabled
networking.service                 enabled enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service  enabled disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service enabled disabled
NetworkManager.service             enabled enabled 
regenerate-ssh-host-keys.service   enabled enabled 
rsyslog.service                    enabled enabled 
smartmontools.service              enabled enabled 
ssh.service                        enabled disabled
systemd-pstore.service             enabled enabled 
systemd-timesyncd.service          enabled enabled 
ufw.service                        enabled enabled 
virtualbox-guest-utils.service     enabled enabled 
